Welcome once again, one and all, Mademoiselle and the other guys, from Uptown, Uptown Burbank,
the beautiful part of Uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
Would you please join me in welcoming the Game Master of your dreams, Spencer Crittenden.
And the fuzziest mayor of all time, you love him, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Let's bring this town hall meeting to order, that's the conceit of the show.
First order of business, when will we get to the moon?
Remember that premise that never came to fruition?
Well, you mean we didn't build a rocket ship, is that what's...
I don't know, I feel like now isn't that more important than ever to get the hell off of
this horrible planet that wants to kill us?
Yeah, yeah, but in order to do it we'd have to work with hundreds of people that I now
don't like, like I think we missed our deadline, it's like the Tower of Babel, like humanity's
been disbanded.
I just, I'm a lone wolf now.
I'm like that wolf that Tom Cruise saw in that movie, lone wolf.
The movie was not called, what was your guess, the lone wolf?
No, no.
That would be great.
Was it called Wolf?
No.
Wolf of Wall Street.
Nope.
These are all famous movies that are famous for not starring Tom Cruise, except for Spencer's
guess which is a non-existent movie.
That would be the movie you'd expect him to see a lone wolf in when he's a lone wolf.
Would it though?
Was it?
That happens and then it's like lone wolf and then the credits roll.
It's like a three minute movie.
I know what it is, I know what it is.
It was Wolfie McGuire.
Why wouldn't the breakfast club be about a sandwich with egg on it?
Why wouldn't the title be a guy falls through a ceiling while trying to go get his weed
from his locker?
That would be a terrible title for breakfast club, but.
A great title for weed locker.
Weed locker is, yeah.
But that was about the Iraq war, I think.
That's Doug Benson's indie comedy movie, that's where he shoots it in the Angelus Desert.
Is there an Angelus Desert?
There's a forest.
Okay, but next to it is there any sand?
Yeah, you go inland a couple miles.
Okay, and the trees run out and there's no ocean.
Yeah, now you're in Angelus Desert.
Now you're talking Angelus Desert.
Or you just hit like, I don't know, Nevada.
Maybe I should have said Nevada, but it's like a $1 million comedy, you know, like they
got some investors, but it's like they're pretending that it's about Doug Benson being
an Iraq and it's called the weed locker.
I just wanted to finish my pitch, although I agree with you, the movie sells itself.
What is a Tom Cruise movie you're talking about?
Oh, you'd see him, he's a gray-haired hitman in the back of a Wayne's Brothers, no.
Who's a what?
Racist.
Wait, who was it?
Who's Jamie Foxx?
Jamie Foxx?
Caladero.
Wait, what?
Jamie Caladero.
Oh, I thought you were telling me his name.
I'm like, I'm not that often.
That person's name I do not know.
That person sounds like he won an Oscar.
Hwadarwa.
And the winner is Hwadara.
Hwadara is winning his first Oscar and will soon be a cab driver.
We'll take it up with white society, you pricks.
Someone's looking at me, I'm not the fucking one that's the cause of this.
That poor guy in the, what's that movie called?
Captain, my captain, I'm the captain now.
Poe society, that's the only old captain, my captain, Poe society called, I'm the captain
now, captain, desk standards, with an exclamation point.
I found my, look what I found.
Oh, a lot of you, a lot of you plebes don't know what these are because, I meant to bring
you mine, I forgot.
Ear pods, my ear pods.
These guys are going to be gone in like 48 hours.
No way, man.
I'm never going to lose you, baby, again.
Where'd you even find those anyway?
He put them in, he's dancing like he's already playing music on them and I know that's not
how it works.
I'm dancing like Brad Pitt in Fight Club when he runs around the corner with, what's
your name?
Tim Burton's wife.
Sorry ladies.
Everything she does can unobjectify her.
She's still just some guy's wife.
Helen Abonham Carter, and he drags her around the corner and then he just starts going like
this because the cops run by because if you're dancing in a junkie hallway, you're not who
they're looking for.
This is the only time I would say it was better to not pay the $5 a month for the live streams
so they didn't have to see that dance.
They might have saved themselves the trouble on that one.
To answer your question, Spencer, you found them in your car.
What?
Yeah.
Crazy.
Why did I know that?
So I was in the, it's not a hospital, it's a surgery center, trying to see if I can take
care of that.
They put a camera down my throat again because, okay, this is a little crazy.
You know, I have a chronic heartburn, I can't imagine why.
I've been searching and searching for a way to mitigate the burning pain in my esophagus.
The first time I went, they looked down my cake tunnel and they found some polyps and
they grabbed them and sent them off to a lab to see if they were cancer polyps.
Then they said, oh, your digestive system looks great and I can't even, what the fuck,
were they looking for that time because then they said, I'm getting so upset just thinking
about it because I was, I told you last time, I was a little upset in the last episode,
you might have noticed the tonal shift here, I'm a little calmer now.
You were on some pretty heavy-duty painkillers, they give you for that, are you still floating
on those or is that over?
How I feel like it, but they tell you don't make any business decisions today, no matter
that's what they say, which is kind of delightful, I was like, I cancel my calls, smithers.
Don't call North Korea until tomorrow.
Don't address any Boy Scouts for God's sake.
You might not be in a proper frame of mind to hold the stitching of society together.
Mind your peas and queues, sir.
Don't go off on a psychotropic substance stumbling into society.
You might end up elected president.
All right.
Don't have half a brain when you just run out into the street shouting whenever you're
feeling.
You'll get rewarded for it endlessly and then die while killing everyone.
You wouldn't want that, Mr. Harmon.
Goodbye, want some cheez-its?
They gave me cheez-its.
Just the one thing is, after you wake up, you're super high.
It's kind of an intimidating thing to be rolled into a room where they don't design surgery
rooms to be, they wouldn't want fluffy pillows in there and stuff with hair on them.
The comfort goes hand-in-hand with non-sterility.
You wouldn't want beanbags in your room or oil paintings and the oil's going to get
in your body.
It's like a grody, creepy jigsaw room, but clean, but still sociopathic and just beeping
and you can hear your heart beeping and then when you hear your heart beeping, it starts
beeping faster and then you try to experiment with lowering it because you think you're
going to blow their mind and go like, who are you?
You feel like I'm just seeing an eagle in the sky, but then they start this fucking thing
through the IV and this time they didn't even say, count down from 10 to 1, they just didn't
even give a fuck and I was like, boom, you're out and you're instantly awake, nothing happens.
It's not like being asleep where you have this weird consciousness of time, it's like
a cut and then you're in a different room and no one else is there because they left
your ass because you're boring because you have been knocked out.
You feel abandoned because you're like, wait, everybody left, but it's like, no, we were
all here with you, we rolled you like the furniture you are into a corner after we cut
some polyps out of your stomach, fucking chill out when you start babbling like a maniac,
we'll come back and give you cheez-its.
Why is cheez-its the goat's neck?
I don't know, but why do they follow the bag of cheez-its with a lecture about why you're
fat?
I never said the phrase, you guys gave me the cheez-its so many times today because they
kept coming in and they're like, you want some cheez-its?
I'm like, yes?
Am I in heaven?
And then the cheez-its are like, okay, the doctor will be right in and then another person
comes in and goes like, Mr. Harmon, listen, we didn't find anything in there that's not
the result of a guy your age having gained your amount of weight.
You guys gave me the cheez-its.
No, I know, sir.
I just sang.
It just kept happening, like different people kept coming in.
Did they give you the airport-sized bag of those or like a big bag?
It was a little baby bag, but I just kind of felt like maybe if I wasn't eating cheez-its
with crumbs all over my face that maybe they would have laid off the fat lectures a little
bit because at least, I'm not saying I would have looked thinner with now, oh, cheez-its
in my hand, but maybe they would have thought like, well, he must not know that he's fat.
For all we know, he started his diet yesterday, let's not fuck with him too much, but they
were like, dude, you're fat.
I'm like, you gave me cheez-its.
Yeah, maybe trail mix, maybe something not so fatty, like a cluster all the way.
Well, now that you're pitching that, I'm like, fuck, no, that would be awful, that would
be awful.
Yeah, but you would feel like you were in a hospital, not a trail mix.
What would be a good hospital?
Like, I don't know, it'd be like a Robocop paste, you know, they'd be like-
Yeah, it's applesauce.
Yeah, applesauce.
It would be like in one of those paper containers that when you finish, you can unfold it and
turn it into a yamaka.
But there must be some sort of scientific reason, like is it because of the salts, the fats,
like the things that you were depruted?
Yeah, I'm sure they were like, yeah, I'm sure they were.
Or it's just big cheez-its.
Big cheez-its.
They were like, what the fuck are they involved?
Yeah, they got like depribulators with the cheez-it brands, depribulators, there's station
areas like cheez-it, station area, they're like, what's going on here?
And you leave your hospital, you call it not a hospital, and you realize that you were
just at Nabisco the whole time.
Yeah, you look back, because you hear one squeaky hinge, and you look back and the stage
hands are hoisting the flat, it's like, God, isn't a giant box of crackers.
I was in the Kiebler Elf Tree, and they were all on stilts.
I told you, I went under general anesthesia once for my wisdom teeth, and I woke up and
something horrible had happened, like there was a footprint on my chest and my belt was
off.
I've been under three times.
And the doctor wasn't there, and I asked the woman, like the nurse, I was like, where
is the doctor?
He left.
Like, when?
When?
It was like a couple of hours ago, I'm like, what's up, like, was, did everything,
did all my teeth come out okay?
It was a struggle.
My belt, my belt was off.
I went to sleep with my belt on, and I tell you, fucking for sure, and then she showed
me my teeth in a cup, and it looked like they had gone hammer and chisel on those motherfuckers,
because they had.
And then I go home, and my friend drove me home, because you have to have somebody to
drive you home, because you're high as a kite, and I go home, I have to get my prescription
card.
Have I told the story before on the show?
I can't remember.
We've both gotten this.
I have.
Early on?
Come on.
What did you think, though?
It's kind of like gremlins, too.
You want to see it again.
You're not sure.
You're like, wasn't there like a trans gremlin in that movie that transitioned and was like
kissing other gremlins?
I can't remember.
I think we need to watch it again.
The only funny part for me was that I went to go get my insurance, like my prescription
card, and then while I was up, that was so high, I thought, oh, I'm going to take some
trash out.
So I threw my prescription card out with the trash.
Yeah, that is the funniest.
And then I got to the place, and now the paint colors are wearing off.
I'm dying.
We had to go figure out where my thing was, and I was just now not high enough to remember
to dig through my trash and find the fucking thing.
Yeah, that's why they wouldn't let me take an Uber from the place.
Also, they said it's sexist, and you should take a left, but they wouldn't let me take
an Uber because they were like, oh, you have to be like a limo service that we have a relationship
with, and I'm like, OK, the Cheez-It transit company, maybe?
Cheez-Wheels?
Your car is Cheez-It.
The fucking wheels are square.
It gets shitty mileage.
It's shaped like a trisket.
The salty, salty rover.
They shouldn't be giving you fucking Cheez-Its after you've had a surgery.
That's crazy.
Well, the customer's always right, man.
I think at that point, they're like, we put a camera down your throat.
You survived.
Eat one bag of crackers.
Did you get to see the camera?
Do you get to look at the apparatus before it goes down your gut?
They don't show you the, I'm sure I could have asked.
I don't think they probably want you to see it, though.
I was kind of like, I could have asked this time because I kind of like, this was like
my third time going, you know, I had an endoscopy and then I had a biopsy for the sarcoid thing,
and then this was my second time going under in a lightweight, you know, so like this isn't
even like surgery.
This is just like, so I was like, I was fucking Bill Murray and that shit.
I was like, they're wheeling me in.
I'm like, hey, Glenda, how's it going, still looking good?
My name's Diane and that isn't funny anymore, just pointing at women and sexualizing them.
That was, you were a hero in the 80s, if you did that.
Sorry, I'm 44.
I know, I've seen your x-rays, but they, like, you know, doctor, doctor, doctor, what's
his fuck, he's like, hey, Dan, welcome back.
It's good to be back.
I was like, I was like a real charmer, you know, but I get like a hair net on him, man,
I'm like, it's good to be back.
I'm like, this guy thinks he's in some kind of lounge.
I was cool, man.
I wasn't getting a lot of laughs, but I was like funny.
I just think doctors, like, I just think I wouldn't want them to be cracking up because
then it'd be like, these guys are shakeable.
Like, I don't want that.
They're focused on their craft, but I know I was being funny.
They have like, they probably have like an orientation video where they're like, look,
some of your patients, you're in Los Angeles, some of your patients are going to be crackups,
you know?
Like they're going to be talented people, like crazy geniuses, you know?
Some of them are going to have a gift for moving the human heart.
You got to, like, trust me, as much as it seems like they would love for you to break
into gales of frivolity, as much as it would be involuntary, truly, given their hilarity
acumen, just keep a stiff upper lip.
They probably do things like, you know, like, soldier guys, like, they, like, they like
expit.
They, like, you know, why did I, the only thing, I'm going to try to make this specific.
I'll just make them men.
You went way out of your way to make them men.
That was the final result, but that was not the intention.
I was trying to, I was, I was like, God, come on, Tom Clancy, do it.
Soldier guys.
Now it sounds like you've been in the military.
Uh, I, you know, like-
Also, when you said surgery room.
Infantry, I was, I think I was searching for infantry and came up with soldier guys.
You can't turn soldier into infantry, if soldier infantry, you'll sound like an idiot.
I went soldier guys, I fucking saved it.
In their training, one of the things they have to do, or I saw I've seen in movies,
is that they, you know, or like they, they expose you to tear gas, right?
Like, or, you know, whatever you're using on other people, they're like, take off your
gas mask.
You know, you've seen that scene in the movies and they, you got to, like, sit there and
take the fucking tear gas.
They probably do, they, they have to do that with comedy in the operating room.
They have to hear all the dumb semi sedated jokes that they're going to hear.
They have to watch, like, season two of Community.
I was gonna, you know, when I started that sentence, I was gonna say, like, the British
office.
But then I was like, I think that was one season.
And then I was like, do Parks and Rec, and then I was like, fuck it.
Write what you know.
I, I still, I still on the line that Greg Proops uses every time for the last 30 years
at his dentist he's been going to forever.
But every time he gets in the chair, every time the dentist asks him, are you comfortable?
And Greg always says, I make a living.
That's always a goodie.
But it's funnier if you're an old Jewish comic.
I said, I make a living.
He has a little exchange I had.
I'm no Greg Proops.
But he said, he said, welcome back.
I said, it's good to be back.
And he said, how, how are you feeling?
And I said, I said, great.
I just had a huge sandwich.
And because they, you're not supposed to eat for like eight hours because they're
going to go in there.
And he's like, oh, thanks for telling us.
I said, look, if you found a sandwich in the bathroom, you'd eat it too.
These are good jokes.
Yeah.
And they're stone-faced.
And it's not because I'm not funny.
It's because they're good doctors.
They want me to stay alive, make more people happy.
Why don't we make your next HBO special, just you on a gurney?
And you're really letting the doctor staff have it.
You're making light of what could potentially be a fatal thing that's going on here.
I could.
They always have to tell you.
They feel like they've got to tell you.
There's like a point zero one chance you'll wake up and choke on the camera and die.
Isn't that crazy that they put a camera down your throat and like, if you were to wake
up, it's like, it's exactly like Wiley Coyote, like when he runs off the edge of the cliff.
As long as he doesn't just fucking stay in the zone Wiley, like, like you could just,
the time it took for you to mug to the camera and hold up a sign that says, Yikes, you could
have made it to the other cliff.
You can technically fly.
You just have to be less self-aware.
If you have a camera down your throat, they can just churn you like a butter bucket.
They can just churn you like the fuselage on a butter churn.
But if you were to wake up, simply wake up, you'd be like, and you'd immediately die.
Because there's a camera down your throat because if you were in a bar fight, that's
a way to kill you.
You have a bar fight in like an EV room, like a bar fight with like filmmakers.
Why was my belt off and why didn't they put it back on?
What message were they trying to send me, like, no, no, leave it off, leave it off.
I wanted to know exactly what the emotional crisis I went through.
If the doctor was in the room, it would just be like, kind of like, oh, was I, you know,
it's like, it's almost not funny because it's just sort of like, oh, what happened.
But the fact that the doctor's got makes it funny to me because it's like, this is a story
happened and he was like, I need some space.
And then she's like, I want to start sexually assaulting other patients.
It's like ordinary people now that are like, she's hold, she's trying to hold it together
and like, where did the doctor go?
He'll be back when he, when you have calmed down.
Yes.
He's staying at Shutter's for three weekends now.
He's going to sleep.
She's like, he'll be back later and then she's like cleaning some tools and then like,
20 seconds goes by and she goes, you know, he's a good doctor and he works hard.
And you're like, what the fuck?
So he's allowed to grab, to play with my dick.
Is that what you think happened?
But then the thing, the thing that they tell you when you're getting, I had all four wisdom
teeth that way too late in life and they said that there's a chance that a whole, it stopped
me if I've talked about this before, there's a chance that you'll perforate the sinus bone
up here above your, your teeth.
And I remembered signing that thing.
Oh yeah.
And if it happens, it's not a big deal.
Your bone will regenerate.
It'll, you know, it'll be a thing.
I don't remember that after the thing because I'm drugged out of my mind.
The next morning I get up, rinse my mouth out.
Like you're not supposed to like, like spit and do anything of violence with your sinuses.
Oh God.
And I lean forward and everything in my mouth poured out of my nose because there's a hole
in my face.
And now everything, then I was eating some miso soup and I leaned, that night I leaned
over.
I leaned over to get more miso soup and the miso soup that was currently in my mouth went
back into the bowl.
You're like a muppet.
You're like the cookie master.
It's motherfucker.
I don't like cookies.
I was a, I was a fountain.
I was a, and then I freaked out and I was like, I called the doctor and he's like, remember
that we had this big conversation and it's going to be fine.
I go, what do I do?
He goes, just don't sneeze for two months.
Fuck you.
Where's my cheez-its?
The last time you talked about this, I probably mentioned this.
We're like an old married couple that both have dementia and we're just triggering each
other like, oh no, the navy soup, navy.
I was in the navy.
You were in the navy.
I was in the, I, I, I, I.
Your story is going to be about the song Me So Horny.
But there's a, there's a, there's a nerve in your upper lip.
That's why in cartoons, like when Scooby-Doo's about to sneeze, Shaggy will like, like put
his thing.
It's like, I always thought that was so dumb.
It was like, oh, you're right.
But it's like, there's like a, if you push really hard on your upper lip, like if you're
ever in a situation where you feel like you truly have to sneeze and like it's a do or
die, like, I've done it.
It works.
Like you just shove really hard.
It's like some kind of nerve in there.
Oh well.
All right.
Okay.
So it's not about the nose, it's about the, it's about the lip.
Yeah.
It's pushing on the lip.
I don't know why you'd have to do it with your, with a fucking gangster style with your
side of your finger.
I don't know why people don't go like this.
I guess because if people were coming like from behind you or in front of you, is that,
is that you picking his nose?
And you say you want to be like, no dude, I'm like, I'm like, I'm just doing a crazy
mustache game.
And then you can tell them later, sorry about lying to you.
I was trying to stop sneezing.
And they're like, oh cool.
I thought you were trying to mine my mustache.
No dude.
But as, and I was like, well, shit, at least you weren't picking your nose.
Like, no, and it didn't even look like it did it.
No.
Cause you weren't using the tip of your finger.
Conversely, if you're a ninja, what I learned in Ninja magazines in the 80s is that you
want to point your sword directly at your prey because it's invisible from a distance
that way.
Think about it.
You hold your sword like this.
Oh, there's a ninja.
He's got a sword.
Go like this.
What's that ninja doing?
Yeah.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to charge at him.
I'll tell you right now, if I see a ninja in front of me and I can't tell what he's
doing, I know he's doing something fucking ninja style.
Well, because of the magazines, but I mean, a lot of ninjas were mad at these magazines
in the 80s.
Like, did you have a subscription to Ninja magazine?
It was 1982 and you got one with your locker.
Did I have ninja stars?
I had all the ninja stars.
Yeah.
I mean, you could make them out of paper, right?
You know how to make a ninja star out of paper.
Do you millennials know how to make a ninja star out of paper?
I heard some mixed messages there, but mostly no.
That's something you could learn.
A lethal ninja star when they could break skin?
Well, no.
You hit someone.
As with everything, if you hit someone in the eye with it, I'm sure it could do some
damage.
That goes for socks, pillowcases, ferrets, popcorn, kisses, if you kiss someone in the
eye really hard, you could blind them.
Or you can give them mono, mono-ocleosis, that's what they call it, it's when you get
it in the eye.
That's just science pieces of shit.
That's what the Cyclops had in the Spanish ads, the odyssey.
Spencer, were you ever a weapon enthusiast?
Did you have like throwing stars?
Oh, yeah.
Katanas?
I mean, come on.
Do you even have to ask?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
They're just Chinatown.
You could get anything, man.
This guy invented seagull hunting.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right, by burying yourself in the sand and having a bag, what was your weapon
of choice?
That was in a ninja magazine.
I tuned it towards seagulls.
It was like retired ninja quarterly.
Fulfilled your blood oath, kids moved out, try hunting some seagull.
It's a great way to placate your neurotic compulsion to avenge and be invisible without
pinching the pocket.
I can see, Spencer, correct me if I'm wrong.
I can see you as having owned at least one pair of nunchucks in your lifetime.
Not nunchucks, no.
Those are dangerous, man.
You really got to know how to use them before they stop being dangerous to oneself.
Yeah, nunchucks is the weapon that kills you before you kill you.
You learn to kill somebody else with it.
I think that's why in every scene in movies, that's why the person starts off with 10 minutes
of nunchucking because then the person's supposed to think, god damn, that's a long time without
hitting yourself in the nuts.
I better get the fuck out of here.
If this guy decides to hit me in the head, he might succeed.
I'm fucking next.
He has avoided his groin for many, many minutes.
And he keeps going down.
Yeah, no, he's purposely, it's like Houdini asking people to punch him in the face.
He's going between the legs, hard and low trying to shit.
I think we should get our guest prepared.
Is she ready back there?
Do I need to say that and then pause?
I don't know.
There's no feedback.
There's no feedback loop in this show.
We don't know what we're doing.
I'm just flying blind.
Our guest is a new friend.
I met her through, I don't know, kind of strange circumstances, but they're also kind of boring
circumstances because they're kind of work-related, but I was like, well, this is a person that
we should meet.
I don't know.
I'm bad at introductions.
She's a rapper.
She has a bus.
She's just back from Burning Man and boy, her wheels tired.
Boy, her arms burnt, I think.
Let's bring up B-Squid.
That's the music we picked to bring you on.
It's beautiful.
Hello, B-Squid.
Hello.
B-Squid, are you a drinker?
Do you want me to touch your eyes?
You can touch my eyes.
Do you want eyes?
Yeah, I'd love some eyes.
Thank you.
Hey, Dan.
Can I touch your eyes?
You want to touch my eyes?
I want to touch your eyes.
You can touch my eyes.
I'll touch hers.
Let's not touch each other's eyes.
Here.
This is my eyes.
Hand this to Jeff so he can touch it.
She's subject to you guys.
Yeah, you need that right now.
Thank you.
What's that?
How did you guys meet?
What's the origin story of your friendship?
We met in the desert hot springs.
We had both just robbed different banks and we were burying our briefcases under the same
tree.
Me and Cody and our mutual friend Evan were up there.
I was working on this Vonnegut thing that I'm adapting with Evan, Sirens of Titan and
Cody was working on her thing.
We decided let's take a week and I've never tried that.
Cody always does that.
She gets results.
She goes away like a sick cat that goes under the stove.
I was like, where's the cat that comes out and goes, I wrote a draft.
I was like, I want to try that.
It did work.
Evan and I would go out there.
We got two bungalows at this resort and it's at a discount because it was so goddamn hot
and you're going to the desert, they're like, if you come here, we'll give you a dollar.
Then we worked for like a business week and then toward the end of it, you came up in
your bus because you're friends with Evan.
It's not that exciting a story, but it's also kind of like a friend of us.
What kind of bus am I picturing right now?
It's a short bus.
It's painted blue.
It says my name on the side.
It says B-squid.
I used it to tour in.
It's where the country.
You perform rapping?
I rap.
Yes.
You do shows around the coast and inland and anywhere they'll have me.
You do a lot of live performance, right?
Obviously.
Yeah.
Are there live venues that make you more nervous or that you hate doing?
Everyone is like a totally different experience.
There's some that are bigger and sometimes they're fuller than others and sometimes they're
kind of empty for big places and that's kind of weird, but I don't think there's anything
really that makes me more nervous than anything else except for, I guess, sometimes when you're
in that environment where you've got people who you care about watching and then you're
really, it's really on your mind.
Like family or friends or both?
Oh yeah, like family and friends and you're like, oh shit, I can't believe I wrote this
line into the song and then you just kind of jump over it weirdly and that kind of thing.
So when people, how do you explain to your family, does your family kind of bust your
balls like when they're like, so what do you do and you're like, is it hard to say I'm
a rapper?
Sometimes.
They support me generally.
I mean, we're all a little weird, I guess.
My dad is a piano technician and my sister is, she builds MOOCs synthesizers and she's
studying for that.
So they really support me when I decided I was going to take the music route because
I've been working in film all this time and that was like also a little weird for some
of the people who I grew up with, they're like, oh, it's like a creative field and you're
never going to make it in film, but you know, here we are, so.
We have another mutual friend, Open Mike Eagle, who was on the show a couple months ago and
you know him too.
That's what we discovered over dinner and so I just wanted to drop that.
You need to respect me as an interviewer.
Oh yeah, I do.
I know Open Mike Eagle.
I will close this mic and turn it into a falcon.
I'm dumb, so dumb.
I'm like, wait, I'll yank a bit now.
But he's fine.
Why am I shitting on him?
All right, so how did you get involved in rap?
How did you get interested in it?
What drew you to it?
You said your primary interest was film, so then take us to the threshold in your biopic
where you're like, I'm a rap.
Well, I've always written poetry since I was a little kid and then I started to go through
this phase in 2010, 2011, where if I would get mad at work, I would just be like, oh
yeah, well, I'm going to write a poem and I would do that.
And I wouldn't share them with anybody, but eventually somebody showed me hip hop music
and then I was able to take these secret poems I was writing and stitch them over beats and
then make something really awesome.
And I put out a music video once and it got a lot of attention kind of right away.
And so someone called me and asked me to come and screen that video at this event that he
was throwing at O'Brien's in Santa Monica.
And I was like, I'm not going to screen that shitty video.
It's not happening, but I'll do a 30 minute set.
And he was like, all right, that's great, cool, booked.
Two months later, I had to write that music because I didn't have any.
But I put it together.
It made it happen.
I think that's how the good people have their friends.
If you know, just like somehow your ego like makes you say you're going to do something
like that's what Channel 101 was for filmmakers when we were starting it in 2003, God, whatever.
It was like Schrab and I knew if we don't have an appointment like where everyone's
going to either know that we suck because we didn't finish something or we have something,
like that's there.
Yeah, whatever.
Why am I explaining this to you?
I totally agree.
Do you make your own beats or do you have people that you work with?
I work with people.
Beat people.
I have beat people.
I have a friend in New Orleans who I met when I was working on a job over there.
His name is Raddy Skirvix.
He produced my full album, my first album which I put out in November.
It's called Cloud Nine.
And then I have another producer who I work with regularly.
His name is DJ Bless One and he lives in El Paso.
So sometimes when I'm crossing the country to tour, I'll like stop with Raddy and we'll
make a song and then I'll stop with Bless and we'll make a song and then, you know, wherever
I can do that.
Who was the first, I know you had like kind of a mentor character you were telling me
about when we were talking.
But then also, like who just popped culturally, like who was the rap artist that kind of,
like I don't know, like you're early, I want to, now I really want to do this because I'm
listening to this all the time or I don't know, early influence, is that what I'm trying
to get around to?
One of my favorite bands growing up was this Screamo band called Glassjaw and I love them
until the day I die.
They're amazing.
But anyway, it's a little intense, very different.
Did you go Screamo?
Screamo, yeah.
I'm not familiar with it.
Oh yeah.
It's like emo where they scream.
It's a surprise to know that I am not familiar with Screamo.
I feel like you might be.
I mean, you may cause it Screamo fan, but you're there, it's there.
I just don't know what it is.
It might be my new favorite thing.
What's a Screamo band?
Well, they'll sing and they'll have their heavy guitars and it's like kind of a, I don't
know, like an indie hardcore music genre, but then they scream at the top of their lungs
like, and it's beautiful.
If I scream once, I lose my voice for a month.
Right, me too.
It's art.
What they do is craft.
The people that can scream, they do that all the time.
Night after night song, like do a two hour set, night after night on a tour, like yeah,
that is a craft.
There is something in there happening.
But are these, is Screamo rapping when Screamo?
No.
So there was a singer.
His singer's name is...
Damn, don't embarrass yourself.
Well, I mean, anybody can rap, you know, like I think probably one of the first raps that
I learned was like in a Rancid song, you know, without even realizing that that was rap.
I just like really like the fast chop of it and I wanted to learn it.
And then, but anyway, the singer of Glassjaw, his name is Darryl Palumbo and he did a hook
for an artist named Cage.
And Cage was out of New York and I listened to that album to hear that hook, like that
part where he sings.
And I heard the whole album and I bought it and now I have it and I grew up with it,
you know, because of that.
So like I kind of let like people who I'm, you know, love and I'm following like to bring
me to my next kind of like bubble to explore in and then to the next thing.
So yeah.
Well, here comes the part where I show you that I'm bad at what I do and I don't mean
rapping, which I will blow your mind with later.
Yes, you will.
But it will blow my mind if we can just do this like willy-nilly, but you did bring
like a thumb drive of Beats, didn't you?
And do we, are we, would you mind like doing like, what would you like most, what would
you be following your bliss?
Do you want to just do one of your numbers?
I sound like your dad.
Can you spend some of your wax for us?
Or whatever.
I mean, what's your preference to do like, or?
I mean, I brought four different songs with me to perform, but I don't expect to be able
to have time to do all of them.
So I mean, I can do whatever.
Yeah.
I could like spit one.
No, I think like you should, you should do one that's like, all right.
Well, here, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll dance, explain what you should do then.
What if you, if unless, unless there's something that would make you happier, do one that's
just like your thing that you do.
And then, and then we'll talk a little more because there was like this, you just came
back from Burning Man and I want to talk about that thing, the not Burning Man, but the other
thing.
But, but, and, and then, and then at a certain point, obviously I'm going to get some like
open mic eagle taught me like lessons about my freestyling.
I want those lessons.
Well, I'll give you his lessons, but then I need more from you because I didn't come
here for nothing.
Do I call you B Squid or do I call you by your, your first name?
You can call me B Squid or Squid or Allie because that's also my name.
Yeah.
All right.
So Squid.
What if it was Agnes?
Yes.
Then it would be amazing.
Obviously Agnes would be the greatest name of all time.
I know.
Agnes.
Yeah.
Go Agnes.
Like my, my, my riff of what a, what a, what a sad name would be.
It's like, like, yeah, no, that would be cool because that's, I'm 44.
But Squid, are you, are you a comfortable freestyler?
Do you like that?
Or do you, is that something you enjoy?
Uh, it's something I enjoy.
I actually haven't broken my public freestyling cherry.
So that would be a thing.
Well, the bar is incredibly low here.
You're going to be the Babe Ruth of freestyling here.
Nice.
But I think first let's, you know, like, let's, let's, let's, let's warm up with
just a, like one of your, how do you, how do you tell them what to play though if you
wanted to just do one of your set things?
I want to do a thousand winters.
Fantastic.
It was the one I said I wasn't going to do.
Zach, you up, you up on that, Zach?
All right.
It's, we don't, you know, we don't always do this.
It's worth the wait.
Should I like stand up?
Yeah.
Make it show biz.
What about a lighting, a lighting effect that's a little less butcher shop?
If it takes forever, I will wait for you
For a thousand winters, I will wait for you
Till you're here beside me
Till I'm holding you
Till I hear you sigh
Here in my eyes
Because I know you're weeding too, and all my thoughts involve you
Don't tell me what I cannot do, for in my own good I'll wait for you
I'm searching time and watching close for all the signals, coast to coast
Clouds are painting tentacles, compass pointing where to go
East into the sunrise, cause I try and try to land in time
To sandy a time like paper with some grit, unleash a shine
With blue balloons I float to you, where I will grow out of these boots
And if you leave and travel on, my heart will follow with a song
You can take my magic wand, repeat these spells across the pond
One week flies by like Dumbo did, they thought he'd fall, but he learned to live
Of all the hearts this world will bring, I hope each one enlightens me
So in your presence I am free to gift you with eternity
Lighter than a feather, I am stricken, like a match
You and me expand to fill the space and plug the gaps
I miss you, need you, want you bad, and while we wait we may go mad
But I'll be there when leaves turn brown, and I'll be singing you this song
Dreaming daylight, think of me, I'm always somewhere you could be
Feeding every harmony with hearts of possibility
If it takes forever, I will wait for you
For a thousand winters, I will wait for you
Till you're here beside me, till I'm holding you
Till I hear you sigh, hear in my arms
If it takes forever, I will wait for you
For a thousand winters, I will wait for you
Till you're here beside me, till I'm holding you
Till I hear you sigh, hear in my arms
Anywhere you wonder, anywhere you go
Every day remember, I adore you so
In your heart, believe what in my heart I know that forevermore
I'll wait for you
Hell yeah
B-Squid!
B-Squid.
Thank you guys.
I was mortified in the beginning because there wasn't enough monitor or something.
I couldn't really hear the beat, but then I kind of got it anyway.
Yeah, you had to squat it.
Yeah, if we do more, Zach, can we get more of the sound in the monitor?
When I'm up...
I kind of want to see...
He happens sometimes.
I'll stop the show.
I was kind of thinking maybe we could experiment where either we play that same beat again and Dan tries to...
Well, I think I got it, yeah.
Okay, so let's put...
But I also want to hear that...
I want to hear that singer-songwriter hook stuff, too.
Yes, the song.
No, I think I got it, I got it.
Okay.
Let's give it up for P-Squid.
He pees on squids.
There are a thousand winters
I wait for you
I'll have no splinters
Inside my shoe
A thousand winters
And a half a dozen falls
Went to my friend's house
And I can't take it all
Yo, I'm sick of this shit, I'm sick of society's shit
I'm so sick of it, I'm going to sit on it
I'm going to take my ass and put it down on it
I can't fucking hear it, god damn it
Don't fuck with me
Fuck, fuck, fuck
No one's in the street
I saw everyone's feet
I went up to the sky
I can't fucking hear
The beat
Piece of shit
There are a thousand falls
I'm sick of this shit
I'm going to put it on a hat
I'm going to put it back on my head
Because I've got a zit
Went into my car, went fire
I drove to the moon and ate some tar
It burned me, it burned my ass
I got too fast when you rap too fast
You can't improvise when you rap too fast
There's no such thing as rapping that fast
When you improvise
I saw your mama the other day
She looked at me and asked if I was gay
I said, I don't have that honor, bitch
Mom's closed minded, she's homophobic
I went down the street and got on a telephone
Why is there still a telephone on the street?
Because I'm a time traveler
My dad is Dan Rather
Played by Robert Redford in the movie Truth
Have you heard about that?
It's about the thing about George Bush's military service
For a thousand winters
What, what, what, thousand days
What, what, what, for a thousand million calendars
What, what, what, I've seen a purple hair
Tell you what about that
Fuck, mother cat
Fuck you, darn two
That a rat
Put them all together in a jar
Through the shit, says
Fuck it
For a thirty-five
Springs
I saw you the other day
You had a tattoo? I broke my heart. What about you? I haven't seen you in ten years.
What's the Facebook status? Why is it still single? You know you got you got
into somebody else. Two weeks after we broke up, I sensed overlap. I'm not
stalking. I sensed overlap. I'm not a Facebook stalker. I'm policing overlap.
I'm police overlap. Think about that. With your butt flaps. Wrap it up,
wrap it up, wrap it up. Wrap it up, wrap it up. Think about that.
For a thousand winters, it snows so long. I hope my zombie dragon doesn't go to the
wrong side. I can't. Got you dragging out of ice. You got some chains. Don't know how
I made them. Police dragging out of ice, brought it back to life, made its eyes blue.
Now I'm gonna cut like a knife through the wall. The rubble's gonna fall. Then I'm
gonna walk over it all. I'm gonna go south. Right? I just get that mixed up. South is
bad? South is like the Korean thing. It's like you can never keep track north of
walls, man. Fucking thousand winters. Yo, it's like a thousand winters. Yo, yo. Ain't
no fucking summer in sight, bitch.
I like this game.
I mean, I don't think my version's perfect. We're gonna go to the judges.
It brought tears to my eyes a little.
I don't think mine's perfect, but you had a chance to write yours. I did have the advantage
of watching yours, so it's even. I think we tied.
I'd say so.
But yeah, so Open Mike Eagle, he divested me. If you wanna know how I got to that level.
Open Mike Eagle, he taught me that I don't have to say fuck your mama all the time. Do
you have crutches when you freestyle? The phrases that you lean on when you're killing
time?
Sometimes.
Dude, what are they?
I try not to repeat them, but as an exercise. Right now, I guess if we start freestyling,
I think you'll figure it out.
You don't wanna give them power.
Yeah, because they're changing. They change every time I freestyle.
Oh, so if I drop the fuck your mama's, which as soon as Open Mike left, I was like back
on it.
Yeah, it's like the sauce, you know, you gotta take it.
Everybody was cheering, like he made me not say fuck your mama for like a rap, and it
was like...
You gotta push yourself.
Everybody was like, yay, you're learning and growing, and then he left. He's like, I'm
rich, and I was like, fuck your mama!
But yeah, did any of the beats that you brought for freestyling, are they kind of like a little
slower?
Apparently they're all licensed, but they were slower. So I guess there's other beats
on hand.
Oh, we have some.
Dan, you really push yourself, I mean lyrically, you're pushing yourself to the limit.
You move very quickly there.
Yeah, but the Kiki Baby dance was really, really on point tonight. That was some good
Kiki Baby going on there.
For me, that song is about the cycle of life.
My main takeaway is that you're sick of this shit.
Yeah.
I think that's the main message, kind of a through line.
That's how I perceive, that's like my perception of like a female rapper. Well, she must be
sick of this shit.
Like I'm sick of this shit. If anyone's rapping that fast, what else could it be? I don't
know.
I'm just sharing my obstacles.
Squid, do you think there's any chance, subconsciously, that based on what you just saw, that you
might accidentally bite some of Dan's freestyle right?
I hope I don't. I mean, I would feel really terrible if I did, because I respect you and
your freestyles are sacred to that moment.
Is it lame to use the word lame as a derogatory way, because it's ablest? Okay, starting
over.
Is it bad?
What a boring world we've created. I hope Nazis take it over.
Is it negative to take more than three ibuprofen?
Is it bad that his beats are so retarded?
Is it bad to ask? I feel like this is something that journalism does to the female persuasion
when they're like, you know, like to corner you and say, like, what's the state of women
in rap, like, so that you might, but I don't think anyone's listening to this. So, like,
if, I mean, I don't know, just like, what's your, do you, do you have any opinions about
that, or are you, like, genderblind, like, about rap and go?
In case you hadn't noticed, I'm a lady, no hating, just saying they always underpay me
when new lanes are laid in. I'm a laden, gaze changing, windowpane is prayin', new free
way to playin', escaping, creatin', somethin' missed by education. Labelers are lookin'
for your contribution, if laboring, tailoring, or execution, impaling, failure with the loose
end, goose heads, body running crazy, and a chicken's pen, gotta feel for him, he's for
him, to the lore where we're supposed to get bored, eight to four, with chorns of performance,
stickin' to bird's eye, scored to make the writ, his core, an orb of explorers sentiment,
specially to movers and shakers who can't afford you, hulls are dumped by their players,
the system regrets to inform him, his mission is canceled, and wish in concussion, discussion
of structure that he's been disrupting is kept at a minimum, take this chrysanthemum,
let's all remember him, in member random, the rebel of random reaction is granted, museum
in the hall of all fame, a graveyard of hunger, pink, certain in the name of the young and
ashamed.
So, all right, I think you're avoiding the question.
Answer the fuckin' question.
So, that's my, it's actually, I performed that rap, half way through it, did you stop
listening to the actual, for the first half I was like, god damn, this is like, my brain
is growing, it snaps and then the second half is like, what's the bit that I'm gonna do?
Which is probably, there's probably the second half of that is like, and they're always
just thinkin' about what they're gonna say next to me.
No, I love, I love being a female and I love doing what I do, I think that, you know, it,
it's like, you know, the game of, um,
Thrones.
Guess who?
You remember that game, guess who?
Right?
With all the dude's faces, you're like, oh, this one's got, my guy's got glasses, or my
guy's got a beard, or, my guy's a lady, and you're like, oh, it's one of these
two people.
Okay.
So that's kind of what it feels like, you know, like, not a lot of people get your card,
but when they do get your card, it's like, it stands out, you know?
Right.
So that's a good thing.
Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad, sometimes it's whatever.
Yeah.
It is what it is.
I'm a strong independent woman, I think, I feel, I try to be anyway, and, uh, and so
I don't like, really let the industry walk all over me, which is why I'm an independent
starring artist.
But hey, you know, you gotta do what you gotta do in this life.
Now you, you rocking that Los Feliz cap, are you a Los Feliz native, or?
Yes, I am.
Well, not a native, but I, I live there.
That's who you live in.
That's where I live.
All right.
That's my hometown.
Yeah.
Dan's hometown.
Just to get grim for a second, because it's kind of just historically grim, like, you
were just a burning man, and I've never been, and, uh, you've been there many, many times
lately.
Seven times.
Uh, this, I, and then we're like, you're talking about the heat, and I was like, and
then the obvious dumb joke is I was like, yeah, it was a literal, literal burning man.
There were burning men there, and then you're like, no, there was one because this fucking
thing happened.
I don't know how many of you heard about this, like, it's probably easy to, to miss
news these days.
Like, like, but, but do you, I mean, should I, should I say what happened and then you
talk about it?
Like, or, or do you want to just take it from there?
Um, well, I was there, uh, and I was sitting kind of like on a, like on the, I want to
say the three o'clock side, maybe, and from where I was, I wasn't able to see occur at
the fire.
But, um, when the man was burning this year on Saturday night, there was a guy, and his
name was Aaron Joel Mitchell, and he ran into the fire, um, and committed suicide.
And that was actually really, like a really sad thing I didn't find out about until the
next morning.
Um, you said he was in there for 30 minutes.
Like 30 seconds.
Oh, 30 seconds.
30 minutes.
Okay.
You know what?
Still too long.
I'm sorry.
I, I know nothing about this.
I was wondering about, there was a guy, a guy just like ran into the fire, but he, to,
to self-emolate and, and, and kill himself by fire at Burning Man.
I mean, nobody knows why he did it.
Oh really?
Nobody knows if he was on drugs or they know he wasn't drunk.
Um, they know that he had been sober previously and that he was like a, a beaming, gentle
soul and, um, and that, you know, you can, nobody can really speak on why he did it.
Cause they think it's a sign of the times that I immediately was like, I don't, I won't
be surprised if I find out this isn't the case, but the first thought in my head is
I wonder if this guy is just like, fuck it.
This is it.
Like, like, like this point in history, like, and it's whether or not it, it often these
things aren't, they're not sometimes a cigar is a cigar and like who knows why he did it.
But like it's, it's already notable that that was the first thought in my head cause it
wouldn't have been last year.
I wouldn't have been like, I bet, I bet he did that because, because the world is ending.
Like, it's, so it's like, but the other crazy thing is that is realizing that you were there
the entire time you were on one side of a fire with a guy that ran into it and basically
never came out.
I mean, they fetched him out and then he died in the hospital, um, but you didn't find out
about it till the next day and I was like, okay, so I need to recalibrate my definition
of what a large fire is because like, I've never been a burning man of like, how many
people are gathered around the actual burning man?
They say there's like, there were like 50,000 people there and so there's like a whole perimeter
of like party buses and art cars that kind of like surrounded and then within that, between
that perimeter and then there's like a perimeter of, um, you know, Rangers like making sure
nobody runs into fucking fire, um, in between that is where everybody sits and stands and
you know, it's a beautiful fire show.
There's like this whole procession beforehand.
It's like very ceremonious, you know, they've been doing it, I think like 30 years.
And then there's, um, fireworks, the best damn fire, fireworks show you'll ever see
that burn, um, and then, uh, and then the fire and fire was like insane this year.
Like it was insane.
It was kind of like a structure around the man and the man was like in the center of
it.
Usually he's like up on a post or like up somehow, but this year the theme was radical
rituals.
So what they did was they made the, the man almost looked like the traditional temple
that is at Burning Man as well.
So there was like kind of a secondary, it was, it was a really spiritual year, um, at
Burning Man.
Everything was built like it was a shrine of some kind.
So I mean, there's like cynical dots I'm connecting here, what you're describing.
So this year they tried something different where they had like an injury way on the fire.
I mean, they kind of designed it like a place you could go into.
I guess so.
I mean, it's just, this guy broke through the lines of marshals and people there and
made it, made it through and thrust himself into the fire and they got him out like half
alive.
They got him out like after 30 seconds and they, you know, flew him to safety, but he
did.
Jesus Christ.
It's really sad.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, but we don't know why if, if that was a moment of passion or something
he'd been planning on or no idea.
Yeah.
Wow.
He apparently didn't leave a note or anything.
What was the reaction after that happened?
Like did, how much of that crowd, because the whole crowd couldn't possibly have seen
all that maybe, right?
I mean, I remember hearing like sound come from the other side.
Like sometimes the, the whole crowd like, you know, sparks up some kind of like chant
or cheer or like wave of howling at the moon or like, or somebody's like calling for their
friend, Sarah.
And they're like, Sarah.
And then the whole crowd is screaming Sarah, Sarah's fucking found or something.
But I mean, like you, you could hear something was happening on the other side, but I, I
mean,
And you've done that seven times in a row, like been kind of there at the fire.
And so yeah, and you, you, you look back and go, Oh yeah, something happened, but something's
always happening.
And I mean, that, that is such a, that's such a weird, crazy metaphor for if I end that
sentence with life, I devalue my observation because this sounds dumb, that's such a metaphor
for life.
But, but it is, I mean, you can't say that's a metaphor for society.
You can't say, that is, that is what life is.
That's great that we're all gathered together and that there is tragedy happening.
That, that from a distance, from the other side of the, of the fire, which is the greatest
thing that's ever happened.
And that's like, there can be a person and, and, and, and it can be mistaken from certain
perspectives for just another part of a celebration and then the next day, it's like, yeah, dude,
man, it's like, like, like, unrelated to that because I don't want to follow up that story
with like, I want to go to Burning Man at this point.
I, I, but, but it's like, at this point, yeah, after the, the aftermath of the election
and stuff, it's like, my mind and soul are shambles of, of white fragile shards, like
I bought a gun.
I'm like, I'm planning on just doomsday prepping in a desert.
I don't know how I'm going to die of thirst, like digging a hole straight down because
I play Minecraft.
I, I, like, like, and, and like, I, so it's, it's, it's like, I look back on like, a 10
year history of using the phrase Burning Man as a comedy writer to like, you know, mean
hippie and dippy and whatever, just like, make fun or whatever, like, and, and now it's
like, because of this year, it's like, this is something that I got to go to at some point.
You would definitely obviously recommend it, right, like, like, maybe not to everybody,
but you, you wouldn't go seven times if you, you weren't getting something out of it.
You're not like monetizing when you go there.
No, I'm not monetizing at all when I go there in Cognito and nobody, you know, like, I'm
not selling anything there.
Oh, you don't even perform there.
I do perform there.
I'll perform my songs and my set and, you know, it'll be a lot of fun, but it's not something
that I'm like, banking on or being like, follow my website, you know, it's like, not like
that.
It's sharing what you've been working on all, like your art for the year, you know, and
bringing that out and making sure that your friends and family and people get to be touched
by it, like, however they can.
But I definitely recommend going.
I think it's an amazing spiritual journey.
And if you need it for, you know, it can really open new windows of perception for anybody
who goes, really changes the way you see shit.
How do you, I'm sorry, did, how much did that guy's death, like, affect the rest of the proceedings
there or like, did it cast a total pall over it or was, did it kind of move along?
It was kind of dark.
Just from my experience, which I mean, I'm not like on the inner circles of that, of
the burn and what's going on in there.
So, you know, it, it, the news came to me in passing and it was just like really strange.
But, and a lot of people knew about it, but we're not talking about it, you know, because
they didn't want that dark dismal, like, black stain on their week, you know, but at the
same time, then you go to the temple burn the next night and there's this like gigantic
fence and it's like up around it.
And I've never seen that before, like a fence and they're like, nobody is jumping in this
damn fire.
What's the, oh, so wait, so just to, so the, is there a fire multiple nights?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
There's lots of fire.
Okay, but there's one, there's, there's the one big burning man that will be where the
man burns.
So like, that's not the end of everything.
Everyone doesn't end that and go like, Jesus Christ, I got a PowerPoint tomorrow.
Oh, somebody does, I think, because people like leave, people leave, but burning like
that Saturday night, that's like the biggest and best party of the week.
And then Sunday, usually people are like leaving all day and then leaving all night and the
temple burn is like a really quiet and like spiritual experience for people.
Like people don't like talk through it, stand up through it.
This is a joke, but also it's probably true.
So it's like Comic-Con, like Sundays, like, yeah, exactly.
Just like Comic-Con.
Lots of costumes, lots of weirdos and freaks.
See, like, I'm not a big fan of major crowds and a lot of dirt.
It seems like a lot of dirt and crowds.
It's like dust, but yeah.
Dust.
It's pretty dirty.
Also, what was the temperature?
Because it was bloody hot during that time, right?
Um, yeah, it was hot.
It was really hot.
Like 120?
Like, what was it?
It was crazy.
I don't know.
It was, it was really hot.
It was like.
It's a dry heat.
It was hot at night too.
Like, usually it's like really cold at night, but this year it's like really hot at night.
So, like, you're trying to get dressed to go out at night because at night it's like
a different place.
It's like, it's like you're going to, you know, Antarctica for the night or something.
Just hanging out in the snow.
And so you're like, I gotta put on my heaviest shit and my brightest things because it's
like pitch black.
And then, so when the nights would roll around, I'd be like, is it a pants night?
Should I put a shirt on?
What do I do here?
Every night's a pants night.
Give me a beat.
Yeah.
Do we have a beat?
Do you guys do like a duet, like maybe kick it back and forth freestyle?
That's why I wanted like kind of a lazy beat, like something that could be a little more
nostalgic.
Something kind of on the mellow tip.
Zach, you got that?
All right.
Yo.
It's one minute away from 9-Eleven, but we're going to wrap right through this.
Every night's a pants night for all you wondering what should be on your legs, if you think
shorts.
Yeah.
Think again.
Oh shit.
Yo.
I see you walking away from me with your feet.
I wonder what's down the street that's for you and not for me that we should separate
like this.
It hurts me.
I rhymed me with me and then I took a pee into a jar and drank it.
Why don't you go?
Okay.
Tonight I'm walking with pants on.
I'm doing a little dance.
I'm kicking babies like I was scoutastic and it was romance on the stage with the people
who were looking at me.
It's nice to meet a love you, my name is Squid, Squiddy B. No, it's not like that.
It's the other way around.
Be Squid.
That's my name and I originate in your town, but I've read Miami where my family's rocking
and they rollin' with the storm, Irma and I not holdin' back.
I know that they are waitin' for that.
They're waitin' for that.
They've got their stuff in their cabinets and it's kinda wack that the windstorm of
195 miles per hour, whatever it is, is gonna be a tiny rain shower to the natives of that
place, cause the storm was born in our face and we do it like we in a race.
Extreme weather.
Phenomenon.
Don't be blind to what's goin' on.
Inconvenient is the facts.
Do you need me to send you a fax about it?
Alright, don't judge my rapping when the earth is crappin' us out of its earthly butthole.
We've been here a while and now we're on the dole.
It's a catch-is-catch-can relationship with Mother Gaia and you gotta honor it.
She's got them polar ice caps and they're chilly but they keep us warm in ironic ways.
You gotta go to school to understand it.
Yo, put your pants on, put your motherfuckin' pants on, motherfuckin' get your shorts off
your pants on, gonna take the club down the street and keep the dance on.
Doesn't matter if they're big, doesn't matter if they're small, doesn't matter if they're
tight or if they fit at all, doesn't matter if they're gray, if they're black, but not
wearing pants right now is a little wack.
B-Squid, everybody!
Thank you so much, Ally.
Yeah, well, how do we, to reward you for donating your time?
You were delightful, like what, a plug away?
How can people find you and get into you?
My name is B-Squid.
You can find me online at bsquidmusic.com, all my socials and stuff, they're there.
And I represent Keep the Feel Entertainment, that's my label.
We're independent, we're out of Los Angeles.
We're producing music, that song that I performed is gonna be on our new sampler, which is coming
up at the...
The first version.
Not the...
I don't want them to get confused.
Like, can we put this bonus track on it, I mean, that would be pretty awesome too.
We'll do like a novelty vinyl number.
It'd be great.
That'd be really, really special and sampled for eons to come.
Alright, cool, and you'll come back one day, hopefully, and yeah, maybe you and Mike Eagle
and Logic at the same time, we'll have a rap of Palooza.
Oh yeah.
I love it.
I won't group you all together, maybe I don't see the world through that lens where you're
either a rapper or not.
I mean, rap parties are fun though, like...
Maybe we're all rappers.
Maybe I'll just pick them all up in my bus and bring them over and we'll be rapping the
whole way here and the whole way back and it'll be adorable.
And we'll leave in that bus.
Can we outfit your bus for Armageddon?
I can.
Okay.
It's already ready, we're good for that.
Well, you know what you call it?
You call it Armageddon.
Armageddon.
The Armageddon tour.
We can't talk about that yet, the deal's not fully closed.
All right, well, let's thank you, B-Squid.
B-Squid!
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Squid.
Well, that was delightful.
I like it when we make new friends randomly.
Yeah.
You should go to the desert more often for your little vision quests.
I do want to because I got a lot of writing done out there.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's not easy adapting Vonnegut, you know?
I strained one of my pinkies.
Whoa.
Hitting too many commas or like on the keyboard or what?
Yeah, it was just like, oh man.
He's comma heavy.
You could spray on a pinkie.
He loves commas.
I was just like, oh no.
Yeah.
All right.
Lord knows how many semicolons you're using.
Let's, should we get Levy up here?
We should always get a Levy up here.
Oh.
Steve Levy, join us.
Where my Levy's at?
You're going to love it at Levy.
What's up, Levy?
Hi.
I forgot to use this.
What's what?
Oh shit.
Now you were two in the zone, man.
You were doing some of your best work.
A thousand winters.
And 700.
Oh shit.
Yeah, I can't take it.
Yo, give me a bag of Cheez-Its.
It's just got an endoscopy.
I'm trying to leave it.
Let me call it Uber.
Let me, don't take your limo.
You're trying to make this shit like a, fuck.
I think, I think that's like, you know, you know, patting your head and rubbing your tummy
at the same time.
You got, you got to, you got to just, you know, go with a flow.
I know.
It's hard to do both.
Go with the flow.
Try and take a limo.
No, I got a show to do.
Focus on the O part of limo.
Don't try to rhyme limo.
Chimo.
That's how I got hung up.
Just say, leave in a limo.
Hey, I got a show to go to.
To go to.
I show to go to.
You had it going.
You let me know.
You just give me a listen.
Yeah.
I'll let you think about that.
Yo, I kidnapped your cat.
Charging a ransom until you give me some Bob Greenblatt.
Chairman of NBC.
Why you got to cancel me?
Shots fired on the TV industry.
To the G, to the V, to the what you're going to do with me.
Silicon Valley is taking over so you can drink my pee
because I can produce this shit.
I ain't going to take it no more.
I'm going to fuck your mama in the front door.
Go out the back door and floss her body.
I fucked your mama so hard she's now a hottie.
She's now a hottie?
It didn't make sense and had like your connotations of like
you need to fuck a woman to make her hot.
I didn't like it.
I backed off because I'm woke.
I backed off.
Back off that shit.
Because I'm woke like a bicycle spoke.
I woke up with a baseball card putting to my spokes
and it made a noise that's hard.
Like a motorcycle.
I'm going to ride to your mama's house with Michael.
Uncle Michael.
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
9-Eleven was an inside job.
Hear me out.
The melting point of steel is 457.
What happened to building seven?
What don't they want you to know?
What they want you to think?
If you Google it, you'll see in the sink.
Alcada, spelled backwards, is Alcada.
Don't look it up.
All right.
Okay.
What if that was someone's evidence that 9-Eleven was
an inside job that Alcada spelled backwards as Alcada?
That's neat, but I don't know if it proves anything.
You're not riding the 9-Eleven.
Tower seven.
Yeah.
I'd just say future wraps.
Just put that in your rhyme bank.
Remember right after 9-Eleven that email went out
that was like, hey, listen, you got to type in
these are the flight numbers of the planes
and then type this in and then change your font to Wingdings
and then it was like two buildings and two planes
and then some oil, stuff like black drops
and I was like, dude, that's oil!
And then we were like, wait a minute, those are the flight numbers.
Why would the 9-Eleven people be like, no, here's what we do?
We got to wait until...
You know we should get on the show?
The 9-Eleven people.
Tragically.
Or like the guy who was the inside guy at Microsoft
who manipulated the Wingdings font.
All right.
David?
Yeah.
How you doing?
It's been an interesting week.
Yeah?
Break it down for us.
She's so shocked.
It's been an interesting week.
Yeah, what happened?
My roommate's car was stolen out of my garage.
Yeah.
Sounds like an inside job.
I think it was an inside job.
What's the point of that car?
It was a real bummer because my car was broken into
and they found my garage clicker
and his spare key somewhere in my car.
Wait, no, back us up through that.
They didn't break into...
That's how they got into the garage is by breaking into your car.
I think it was an inside job.
I think somebody watched me...
Somebody watched me walk away from my car,
forget to lock it,
and then...
Outside the...
No, in the garage.
Because I'm in an apartment building.
Okay, so when you say inside job,
literally like someone who lives in the apartment...
Someone who lives in...
Yeah.
I think it was the Russians.
But that's better than...
I thought you were saying you parked on the street
and that you'd have to feel guilty about that
for the rest of your life.
No, no, no.
I parked on the street because I was just going to run in
and my clicker opened the garage,
went in and had a field day.
No.
But no, you're an innocent too.
You can't control when another human being
that is allowed past all of the security measures
is going to be a crazy car.
Shouldn't it be easy to investigate then?
I mean, like, it's just one building of suspects.
Right.
There are cameras.
They called the...
I don't know.
I would also...
And I'm suspecting, like,
that's a good ten episodes of a Netflix original.
Yeah.
It's called The Building.
Dan, you have enough on your plate right now.
You've already sprained one pinky.
Ed Harris made one mistake.
It's just because I'm the only one who's lifted his head
while beating Rodney King.
Now I'm in charge of apartment building the car thievery.
But one job was going to change everything.
Whoa!
This is a crazy job.
I've got to throw the car.
Netflix presents
a show with a trailer
that follows the 90s trailer trope.
In a world.
Oh, shit.
Yo, 90s trailers.
They got that voice and says,
In a world where you stole a car.
Fuckin' man, drink a jar.
All right.
Get back to the...
I'm not that interesting.
Talk.
Uh...
Dan and Spencer shot a fun Harmon Quest commercial this week.
Right.
That was a highlight.
Real fun.
Oh, yeah.
Harmon Quest is coming to Verve.
Next week.
Verve?
This week.
It's twice as expensive as CISO
and twice as likely to stick around for a year.
I didn't...
I didn't ask for this new world any more than you did.
Like, try to look at it this way.
Like, CISO was a Kickstarter.
And thank you for your $5 commitment to their experiment,
which was noble and gave, like, Cameron and Ria a show
and, like, a bunch of really cool shows on CISO.
And then, like, I don't think this was a controversial statement.
I don't think Universal gave it enough of a chance.
You can't...
That business model needs five years,
but they had their own reasons and they fucking folded it.
That's not your problem.
Or...
But it's a little bit mine,
because, like, now we have this world where it's like,
guys like me are like, I got a built-in audience,
and am I going to keep coming to you and going,
here's another person to subscribe to.
I don't want to do that to you.
That's not what Robin Hood does.
He doesn't go,
hey, Merry Men,
I want to introduce you to Gerald of Nottingham.
He's got a real fun business plan.
For every bottle of shampoo you sell,
three people underneath you sell six bottles,
and that's not the Robin Hood myth we want.
Are we finding out that Harmon Quest isn't good enough to make it to, like, an adult swim?
Oh, yeah, for sure.
I mean, it's kind of the fact that we're not already on one of those networks
implies that we did not make it onto one of those networks.
Right.
Yeah, but now I...
Our show is good enough to be on that, compared to...
I think there's an alternate reality where we did go to adult swim or something similar.
But now adult swim doesn't need us to,
because we're making it for free for two seasons,
and if that becomes so big and with such a success,
adult swim can come along, scoop it up,
and they're going to be like the heroes,
but they didn't do anything.
Yeah, I mean, I don't even know the particulars of the deal,
but we didn't have...
Among our options wasn't like,
we're going to keep our show and go...
Right, yeah, we don't have the rights.
We would just do it on the internet, sell it for a dollar an episode,
but that's not...
The business works like we couldn't have produced that level of show
if CISO didn't exist.
They had the budget to give us to do it dinner for five fucking style
and have an audience,
and my camera's going wooshy woosh,
and Lizzie Olson's on it,
and fucking it's a good show,
because it's a little higher production value than if we did it on our own,
but the upside of that,
or the downside, or the side side of that is like,
okay, so CISO, they're folded,
they sold all their shit to Verve.
Verve is huge fans, they love the show.
It's one of my favorite bands, too.
Right.
So, you know, and then I go to you guys and I go,
hey, it's 11.99 a month now.
I go to you guys and they're like,
how is this going to...
How does this end?
Am I just in a bunker with you,
giving you $50 a month for your pee?
That's why this season we're asking you not to watch Harmon Quest.
We're tired of it, we're not being complicit any longer.
But our show...
Let's just be honest, our show is on dialysis and we need your money.
Yeah, for the first season.
What I also think they...
Well, yeah, they made the first season available.
You can't like check out the second season, right?
There might be...
I would not be surprised if the first episode of the second season is free,
but I'm not sure.
That sounds right.
It's a good episode, though.
We got Gillian Jacobs and, oh boy,
I don't want to say she was like very Brita-esque,
but it was great.
Why?
How do you even have that much money?
It's just, these are singles, but...
What are you doing?
I know!
This is half of the singles in my underwear drawer.
Oh, okay.
Are you going to jumbos later?
What's happening?
Why did you choose to take them out of your drawer?
Because I thought maybe something would come up.
I don't know.
And maybe it has.
It's like, well, if anybody feels like...
Did you want to make it rain?
Yeah, make it rain.
You want to make it rain.
If you give everyone here $1, if you give everyone here $1...
I think I might be...
No, I probably couldn't.
Try it.
But I could...
I thought he had to stuck her for dollars.
Or you give someone all the money, but they have to answer three riddles.
Oh, shit.
Why don't I just do what I do for Trick or Treat, which is I'll put a plate at the foot
of the stage with a sign that says, just take one, and I'll put one of these dollars on
it, and fucking sleep like a baby, because then you see the empty plate, and you're like,
fuck society.
This nice man left a bunch of money on a plate.
No one ever appreciates that.
Did you really do that?
Yeah, like, you know, put up...
This is a Trick or Treat trick.
Look, if you didn't have time to go buy candy, put an empty bucket outside your door, and
put a sign that says, like, high road the fucking kids, and go, be honest, just take
one.
And then the kid gets to...
Here's the thing.
It's a victimless crime.
The first kid, the first kid, if there's a kid that goes Trick or Treating at 3.15
p.m., fuck that kid.
But also, he's like a red pillar.
He knows.
He's like, this fucking dude's pulling a scam.
There's nobody here before me.
Okay, fine.
That kid goes off and gets a serial killer.
Every kid after that, every kid after that goes up to the bucket.
He's an empty bucket and a sign that says, let's try to be nice people, huh?
And an empty bucket.
And the kid goes like, you know what?
I love that there's a guy here that thought society was worth a shit.
Too bad it wasn't.
I'm gonna move on through my day.
Go get some other candy.
Victimless crime.
I got two things.
Okay, so the first one is, isn't it just fine to not have any candy and stuff?
Like, will people shame you or anything like that?
Is that something you have to worry about?
Well, I have a lockable gate in the front of my estate now, so that's just not really
an issue anymore.
Well, it just means, you know, there's a lot of...
I could just hit a button shape like a bat and fucking turrets like pointed.
The kids, you have 10 seconds to expect less.
Did you fear your trees getting tepied?
Right, yeah.
Like, what's the downside of just not having candy?
That's pretty standard, right?
If they're gonna tepee my trees, first of all, they're only hurting my gardener.
Second of all, and I'll put that on the note.
Dan, what I like about you is their front door.
The more success that you achieve, the more relatable you become.
I'm not trying to be relatable anymore, man.
I'm just trying to be honest, brother.
You've become a man of the people.
Yeah, I'm salt of the earth now.
A big salt of the earth orbiting the earth on a military grade platform, hoarding the
oxygen it steals.
I thought you were saying that you put a bowl out with a $1 bill in it and said,
please just take one.
And then somebody goes, oh, fuck, somebody got all the money.
Right, well, I am saying that.
I mean, it's an interesting twist.
You have one piece of candy you put in the bucket and it's the last one left.
See how long it lasts.
But if you have that kind of time, buy a bag of candy.
Right, it would be hard to get one piece of candy.
This is for a guy who didn't have time to buy candy.
I'm not being cruel, I'm not like a weird monster.
Yeah, but you have like two full-sized Snickers in there.
It says, please just take one.
But you have a camera rig, like the way to take a picture of you when you're going down
Splash Mountain.
And so the kid walks away with two Snickers and he's got a picture of him.
But he also gets to buy that picture if he wants.
Look, I'll tell you what, man.
Once you get over 30, it's like the pressure gets on, unless you live in a really specific
neighborhood that's designed for people to buy the house because it looks like a house
where they can't wait to give that candy a trick or treat and designed for the parents
to drop their kids off at that cul-de-sac.
Like every other place in Los Angeles, it's like, you start to like, it becomes an exercise
and the fucking primatological anxiety, like you open the door and there's like a 15-year-old
dude that put like a fucking ski cap on his head because that's his costume and he's
like holding his shirt out going, give me candy and you're like, Jesus Christ, don't
kill me.
Like it's a big city, man.
There's no charm to trick or treat.
Like it's kind of like the purge now.
I just kind of like, Ethan hawk into my bedroom and watch through a camera.
I say this Halloween, we just break into Steve's roommate's car and put all our candy in there
and the kids have to go and kind of pretend to break into that car.
Did I ever share the story of when I was, me and my friend, my best friend Ram Stack,
we were like, I think we were like 11 or 12 and we were like, we were kind of doing that.
We were like, we put some dirt on our face so we had hobo costumes and we were like going
and trick or treating like, free candy.
And then like, here comes Jenny Vote who is like the crush of my life in grade school
and she's like walking and she's got this like little girl with her, like maybe a little
sister is dressed like an astronaut or a princess or something.
And it's always Jenny Vote and I got like soot on my face and I'm like, hey, what's
going on?
And she's like, yeah, you trick or treating?
I'm like, yeah, are you?
And she's like, well, she is.
She was like on fucking like, you know, chaperoning because she was a grown up because she was
my age.
That's like one of those big moments where the girls grow up fast and then you're like,
I'm a fucking worst.
I was a worst person at that age.
We would go up to the top of the steep hill and take the pumpkins from people's front
guards and then spray him like awkward spray paint and light them on fire and roll them
down hill and it's pretty scary when you see a jack-o-lantern coming at you on fire.
But then the problem that, you know, the bad part of that is that at the end there's a house
and a flaming incendiary device is going into the juniper tree in their front yard and going
to kill everybody.
At the end of it is a whole society that's just like, oh, so you kids just don't give
a fuck.
Like I feel so bad about being a kid now.
Like we used to just like throw shit at cars.
Like we didn't get it.
We thought we were the goonies.
Did we talk about windows happen?
Yeah.
With the penny in the tape.
Did we ever talk about this?
Wait, my penny tapping?
No, window tapping.
Penny tapping.
We called it penny tapping.
Yeah.
Did you tell me about this?
I told you about penny tapping.
Yeah, that's fucking it.
That's some sinister shit.
Yeah.
But that's like the most benign thing of all.
Yeah, but it's just tortures.
That is beauty shit.
I know.
But at least, yeah.
Well, you know what?
Now that I think about it.
But it's because you're implying to a person that someone's tapping on their window.
Like now you look at it through a modern lens, you're like, that's a horrible thing to do
to somebody.
But we were kids.
It was the 80s.
So we thought, well, they will think it's like Slender Man.
I didn't.
I was invented in 2013.
Shut the fuck up, you fucking uncreative, shitty generation.
That's been our show.
Thank you very much for coming.
What if a guy had long arms?
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
You have an entire internet to create mythology.
You are bad kids.
All right.
That's mine.
Simon wanted us to plug his Kickstarter, The Crawling King.
So I guess Starburns, they're doing a project called The Crawling King.
It's going to be a hard written horror fantasy with almost 200 pages of incredibly insane
art.
Are you available as a publicist?
I can fill that role sometimes.
I just like, yeah, whatever you're selling, I'm buying.
All right.
How do you access it?
Can I pitch something that is happening here at the Starburns Castle?
It's something I actually believe in because I went last Wednesday.
Church, three more weekends?
How many more weekends is Eddie here?
Three.
Eddie Pepitone is one of my favorite comics of all time.
Was anybody here on Wednesday?
It was absolutely wonderful.
He's a crazy genius, wonderful.
It's partly material, partly just rift, and you just watch a really, really funny guy
lose his fucking mind in front of your eyes, and it was magical.
So I'm sad that I'm going to be out of town for the next two Wednesdays, but if you're
free, come here on Wednesdays to see Eddie Pepitone.
Look it up at StarburnsIndustries.com, right, Church?
StarburnsCastle.com.
It's really good stuff, and he's a monster.
If you don't already know him, you must, because he's doing comedy the way, like, stand
up, ought to aspire to, I think.
I love him.
Pepitone is the best at tone.
No, no takers?
Pepitone is the best at tone?
I know, I tried.
It's better than him.
Did you hear that?
Simon wants you to do that.
I guess it's a horror series.
I guess there's a thing someone wants you to do.
What?
Yeah.
Well, how do we in?
I guess they took a dog's blood and extracted the oxygen from it, and it's a new sports
drink that makes you sad.
It's called Doggone Energy.
You sound like an experiment.
Your heart is broken.
You had a heartbreak.
I did, yeah.
Recently?
Yeah, this last week.
But you opened with a car breaking, but you actually had a real break.
He's like one of these boy scouts he doesn't want to talk about.
He's not like me, he's like, get up on stage and go, yeah, girl broke my heart.
I mean, broken hearted?
I mean, look, I'm numb these days.
It was like two and a half months ago, that one was like I wasn't eating, I couldn't sleep.
But this one, I was just like, I'm tired.
But your ad reads last time were amazing.
Now we can tell that you're hurting yourself.
I'm making a lot of it.
Can we talk about it at all?
If you want.
I'd love to.
Oh, geez, okay.
Like, were you in love and love or falling in love or infatuated?
Which one?
I mean, that's the question.
That's what multiple choice questions are all about.
This one we, I don't know, we've loved each other for a long time and we're trying to
make it work.
But, you know, it's, she was like, the girl I've been chasing my whole life kind of thing.
It was like 16 years in the making.
And I don't think we gave it much of a chance this time around.
Like, you know, you know, whatever.
Wait, I'm not, that was a joke, right?
Are you?
No, no, I mean like.
I thought it was.
That's like a note that a writer would write.
That's a joke.
No, I know.
He's one of you.
This time around, this time around they didn't give it a chance.
Oh, yeah.
No, we, it was like, I, it was always like unrequited, but we, our friendship like just got stronger
and stronger until we were able to finally cross a threshold.
And then this summer it was like, let's try, let's actually try to have a, a relationship.
Well, you know what, Steve?
Let's bring her out.
Put your hands together.
Yeah.
That'd be amazing.
It's a nice show called This Isn't Your Wife.
What?
It's hilarious.
I stand by it.
You laughed through your own grog.
But yeah, I mean, I, you know, it's nice.
You're, you're, you're a good guy.
Like, like, like in my, in my day, like that would, that's, that just goes right into the
misogyny engine because the way to recover from that, like sure is like you get bit by
a snake, you rub it in dirt or whatever you do.
And that's a bad example.
I don't know anything, I don't know anything about primal medicine.
Can we put a pin on that thought?
All right.
It's like, you know how, like you burn your thumb and then you shove it in your mouth.
And it's like, probably that's not helping as much as some other counterintuitive thing,
like you're supposed to pee on it or let a bee lick it.
I don't know.
But like you, you millennials, you're a millennial, right?
You're 40.
Yeah.
Like you kids, like you're very, like you're, you're, you don't go to that place.
Like I've met this young lady, like, like she's cool.
You're cool.
Like, like, and so that's, it's, it's like you have a harder thing to deal with because
you don't get to go to the places that I got to go to when I was an adolescent or even
in my 30s.
I was still like fucking, okay.
Well, that's easy.
That's easy.
Bitches is crazy.
You know, like, like, like I'll leave a shitty comment on her blog and yeah, like, like,
like, like fuck all women and it's women against men and all that stuff.
Like you kids are, you kids, my kids, I mean, 35 year olds.
You're, you're growing.
I'm not 35.
I want to say good for you.
You're, you're being a mensch and a gentleman and I know that hurts more.
You're having to deal with more pain.
You're having to manage more pain on your own.
It's, that's like very applaudable.
You should know people appreciate that.
It's like, like, like you're not going to a dark place and that that's harder to do.
That's fucking cool.
Love you.
Thanks.
And you'll like, like she'll be fine and you'll be fine.
And like it's like, it's like Tabasco.
It burns your tongue.
It's not real pain.
It's like fucking totally okay to say this fucking burns and totally the only thing you
don't want to do is go, oh, my tongue's on fire.
I should, I should cut it off.
You know, like it's just like, oh, it fucking burns.
And like you feel the, feel the, feel the burns.
But, but, but yeah, I'm in your corner.
I know you are.
You've been an incredible advocate.
You have.
Here's how, here's how much of a mensch and a sweetheart you are.
Is that when you said it's been a crazy week, that was the more painful thing.
But you, but you chose to speak about something bad happened to your friend.
Right.
That his car got broken into.
That's like, you're, you're such a sweet guy.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Don't, don't let that eat you up.
You know, like, don't, you know, like it's like, like you're one end of the spectrum.
I'm the other end where I'm like, my shoe hurts.
Fuck America.
Wipe my ass on everyone until I get tired and I'm out of shit from my ass and everyone's
like, there's shit all over me.
I'm like, good night.
That's one way of handling things.
And then there's like this other thing where it's like, don't get, you know, like somewhere
in the middle is like a rhythm.
Will you go see my therapist?
I told you I'd pay for it.
She's worried about you.
Just based on her conversations where you, you arranged to pay for my therapy.
Yeah.
She's like, how's Steve Levy?
You offered after the last one.
Yeah.
I can tell when he, when I invoice him that he's ready to pop.
Well, you know, sometimes guys, the best therapy is to live out a life of fantasy.
Why don't we play a little bit of D&D?
Oh yeah.
Last time.
What happened?
All right.
Who dumped you?
What?
People dump me all the time and I don't bring it up.
Steve?
Oh shit.
Oh fuck.
No, it's a joke.
You find yourself on a high road.
It's treacherous goings.
No, what happened?
We, we, we found some bandits.
We left with the, with Patchens.
Right.
Leaving the church with Patchens.
Banditos attacked and they got him.
The end.
I'm still unconscious, right?
Did we, did we lose Patchens?
Patchens is gone?
That's a great question to ask in character.
Well, we, we know that the, that the prior boned out.
He de-camped.
He left us cause he wanted to get out.
Yeah.
So you're at the campground.
One of, one of the guys, one of the guys Dan touched with his inflict wounds and he kind
of withered.
Yeah.
That guy's kind of hobbling away.
And then there's another guy who you clubbed his, he clubbed him in the head and he kind
of just went down coal.
The rest of the banditos have kind of escaped at this point and they made off with Patchens'
clothes.
They took Patchens' clothes but I took some clothes off another dead guy and put them on
Patchens.
Right.
I go up to Patchens.
Patchens, can you hear me?
How are you?
Ugh.
Oh my God.
I'm stabbed.
Patchens, is your character so important to our story that I should heal you?
These little kinds of-
Why should you have to ask that?
He's Patchens.
I'll answer that.
Okay.
These are the moral questions you've got to decide.
I have a little PTSD from fighting these, for those banditos.
That's in real life.
Where are my clothes?
Some other guy took them but you're wearing a bandito's outfit right now.
Jesus Christ.
Oh my God.
He starts sobbing inconsolably.
He's like, he's thrashing around and like clawing at the soil.
I'm going to fix this.
I want to follow the hobbling bandito.
Okay.
He's slower, right?
Yeah.
So I'm going to go grab him.
All right.
You're just grabbing him?
Well, if I can.
Yeah, yeah.
Well-
If I may.
Yeah.
No.
I mean, there's a lot of ways to approach the guy.
But yeah, that works.
Okay.
So I'm sorry.
You rolled a two.
You do not grab him.
Yeah.
No.
You definitely don't grab him.
But he's still just hobbling away so you can essentially try.
Yeah.
I walk up to Patchens and I cure light wounds.
Okay.
Light wounds.
That's 1d8.
All right.
He heals eight damage.
Most of his wounds are starting to scab over, but he's not like completely healed and he's
still just, you know, I don't know, insane almost.
You want to grab him again?
Do you want to do something?
I think I'm unconscious.
Yeah.
That's true.
Oh, Steve, you're dreaming.
You're dreaming about that same door that Rob Schrab's version of you was dreaming about.
Yeah.
Carlos, we got a bigger fish to fry here.
Our friend Diarrhea Jr. here, he's got a demon mist inside him.
We got to help this guy.
I don't have time to explain, but a lot of medicine has to do with state of mind and
he needs to confront his tormentor.
Who does?
Huh?
Who has to confront who?
Patchens.
I'll be right there.
Okay.
I just, I rolled a two.
Sorry.
I'll be back already.
Okay.
I got you.
All right.
You grab him this time.
Can I drag him over?
All right.
He is still armed, so, yeah, he doesn't, he doesn't stab you, but he's, if you don't like
really restrain him, like you're, you're like grappling one of them, you know, but if you
don't really restrain him, he might keep stabbing you.
I pull him, I pull him by the hair and I, and I, and I, you know, I say in a, in a very
convicted voice because the truth is my character in these moments is convicted about these
kinds of things.
Okay.
I say, if you one more time make the wrong decision about, about who you're trying to
harm, I, I, I will kill you and that will be the beginning of your misery.
Okay.
I'm an expert on these things.
There is a silver flame that guides us and it will make an example of you.
Do you have, do you have intimidate or diplomacy?
But isn't it, isn't it more intimidating if I don't have those things?
I'm like, you know, like how many times are we the victims of a charming bully?
They usually have like bad grammar and, okay, let me look.
Sorry.
There's a whole stack of papers and I, I, the Mrs. and I were recently and, uh, other
side, uh, looking for intimidate diplomacy, no, that's a zero and, uh, diplomacy.
There's a check mark.
Okay.
Great.
Um, but no numbers.
Right.
Do have it.
It's just not measurable.
Well, yeah.
Same could be true of all of us.
You definitely scare him.
He's like, Jesus, oh boy.
That's a bad, uh, yeah.
Okay.
You're at a fork in your life.
You were a bandito.
Now you're a hostage.
Your behavior as a hostage could lead you to the main road of humanity, something you
departed when you became a bandito.
Probably your dad's fault.
Okay.
I'm your new dad.
I'm taking you back.
You don't have to be a hostage forever.
You could die a hostage or you could spend a time as a hostage proving that you're a
human.
All right.
Okay.
It, it's not checked and then there's a, it says total bonus and there's a three in
parenthesis.
Perfect.
I'm that perceptive.
All right.
Okay.
So now obviously, come on.
Huh?
You just asked me what my perception was and now you're saying nothing.
Right.
Well, so how is that?
I'm not, what is this?
I'm paranoid now.
Huh?
What didn't I perceive?
Yeah.
What didn't you perceive?
I grab, I pull his hair.
I go, what am I not perceiving here?
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
I look at his hand.
He swallows hard.
What?
You dirty, shitty person.
I walk over.
I, I have 11 perception.
Let me try.
Hey, Carlos, what are we trying to perceive?
He swallowed something.
Open up.
Drop it.
All right.
He opens his mouth.
I reach in and pull his jaw open.
Yeah.
I would pull it, drop it.
Drop it.
He didn't have anything in his mouth.
He just swallowed nervously, I think.
He wasn't swallowing the microfilm.
Alternately, if you swallow something, it no longer remains in your mouth.
I, I, I punch him in the stomach.
All right.
I'm trying to, I, I, I, I, I have induced vomit.
Give him a Heimlich, like, like, like, like, like, hold him upside down, go old school
on this guy.
All right.
Well, you punch him in the stomach, but it doesn't make him throw up.
He just takes a couple of damage.
He swallowed some.
All right.
Well, it doesn't, you know what?
It doesn't matter.
I only brought him over here for one thing.
It's not like we're on an adventure where we need to know where the treasure is.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
In what's wait. Okay. Are you gonna kill him though? Patches? No, no the guy. No, I'm gonna die
He's going to die. I want to shake him upside down and make him cough up whatever he had. How is he going?
Okay, well that doesn't work. Okay. I
Invent the Heimlich maneuvering him the Heimlich maneuver. All right
Well, yeah, um
Yeah, I see it. Yeah, I don't even know. How do you critically fail a non-Heimlich?
I smash his sternum in. Well, yeah, you can hear ribs cracking as you give him the Heimlich maneuver and after way
Too many attempts he finally starts to choke something up and it gets lodged in his throat and dies. Patches, Patches watch. See Patches? See?
See the will of the eternal flame?
Patches is like still for a moment and then he just starts like thrashing an overdrive. It's okay
I reach in and grab the thing that I kind of perceived with my 11 perception that he choked up. He choked on it
Looks like a big weird pill. Oh, I
Examine the pill it looks big and weird and a little bit dissolved, but only a little tiny bit
Oh, so he was trying to take his own life. He was trying to like Hermann Gring his way out of not standard bandito protocol
Yeah, what why what do these guys have to hide they want to take their own lives? Perhaps these banditos
No more than we knows
Should we search him you can sure Patchens you okay?
He's he's just screaming. He's saying I can't believe it's God. Oh my god. I have one job. Oh my god
What is it? Oh my god? He's like he's he's clutching at you
You know like when someone's like hysterical with with with pain and agony
You don't know what they're doing like he's doing that and he's like just kind of slapping you like he's I don't know
And you could at that some point you figure out what he's doing is he's trying to grab like a knife out of your wallet and stuff
Like he's trying to grab a knife from you. Patches. Why do you want my knife? He?
He doesn't grab it. He just grabs at it. He's just like I can't handle this
Patchens you got to tell me what what you lost? I
Had the game I was sent to her own
For one read just to keep this thing safe. It's like I don't know what it is
It's like a treasure sacred treasure. I don't know. I don't know
What does it look like? It's like a like the it's like a big big gem like the most beautiful jewel you've ever seen
And all I was supposed to do was just lay low and you know hide and I figured after there was all those boogins
I should probably relocate but fuck wait
Did one of the banditos just take that jewel that you had on you?
Well, my clothes is gone and I'm stamped up. We gotta get those banditos. I thought this was just a
Pantons, why don't you tell us you had precious jewel treasures on you before the boogins came up because I'm not supposed to tell anybody
That's part of the whole thing. If I you couldn't steal it. You could be you know agents of shield
I I grabbed the bandito that's that's that's there just it was he dead that one that was the choking one
Yeah, he's dead. Yeah, are there any live live banditos? There's one. That's of indeterminate status
He's he's he's got a caved-in helmet. I
I search him to see if he's got the jet the jet the other guys ran off of the jet right for sure. Yeah
So we fucked I search I search that guy anyway
Yeah, okay, you search him you find what do you find you find under his regular bandito clothes
He has very finely crafted stuttered leather armor. It's very quiet and stealthy
It seems like it was meant to be hidden underneath normal clothes. What size is he?
Uh, he's a human. He's a human. Yeah, a little big for me. Yeah, shit
And then you also see a dagger. He's got a dagger and a short sword and they both seem of incredibly fine make like
Like master work weapons. You don't even know who made them, but it was a real real master
Well, I'm small. I take that dagger and I give this who wants this awesome sword. You guys are sword peoples
I don't I don't use blades. I'm gonna. I will check the dead guy. I want to see if that's the same thing
Are these guys all like this? Um, yeah, you search him too and you get the same thing
So I didn't quite finish so I'll just so there's also a poison pill in the one who didn't take a poison pills
Pake and then one of them has a little note, but it's it's like with like script and symbols and runes and stuff
It's it doesn't seem like any written language. It seems like a code except to someone with knowledge arcana
It's clearly not magical. It's uh, it's just uh, it's just a normal code knowledge history
Do you how many points do you have a knowledge history?
It's a check mark, but
But no points
Okay, you recognize it is it seems to use a basic a basic standard of symbology used in uh, the guilds for trading purposes
So it's like a symbology a symbolic language. That's not
Exactly like for speaking. It's not like the you know, it's not common or anything. It's just like its own language
But that's the only thing you only recognize the symbols like you don't actually know what they mean and you couldn't read it
If you wanted knowledge, nobility
All right
nobility
Occasionally learns that symbol language
Knowledge religions
Some religions disagree with that symbol language
Linguistics, but I don't think you have knowledge linguistics. I do
check mark
Do you have any points in it? No, I don't point to any of this shit
a fucking second third level
fucking
like look it's
I know this this language
It's a trading language
These people aren't banditos
They're stock brokers
I I take that dagger I take the symbols written on a note
Uh, yeah, okay. I take that note and then I take the poison pill and I put it in his mouth
And then I say where are your friends staying?
And I won't make you swallow this pill
Who are you saying that to the guy to the bandito? Which one the one that's not dead. They're both dead. They're both dead
I take his dagger to stab him eight times
Oh, man, it's no good. I'm just just testing out the strength of the dagger. It's it slides through easily
as if it's
Magically sharp these guys weren't regular banditos and they've got they've got patches precious gem
Yeah, but we've also got a sick diarrhea on right?
He's dying over here. He's got that mist
I think the mist went into the keyhole in his heart and he's infected with some sort of horrible demonic business
Yeah, we got we got to get him to the church. I gotta get him to the church, but no we got to get patches gem back
But what if at the expense of killing dj?
What sorry we should go to dj's dream probably is that okay? Yeah
There's a door
There's sounds behind it. You don't know what they are
Can I open the door? Do you want to?
You don't know until you try
Okay, I I I put my ear against the door to listen
What is it?
What will give me some of those sounds as you're putting your ear to the door?
Like there's just a big smash on the door like someone's beating against it really spooks you out and then it's followed by like
Do I have my weapons? Uh, no, you're naked. I'm naked. Yeah, it's a dream
Ride or die, I guess open the door
All right as you touch the door
It opens or the the door kind of disappears and just behind it is blackness and the blackness kind of spreads up your body
And you become consumed by the darkness and you wake up in a cold sweat
Like i'm i'm actually awake now. Yeah. Yeah, you're awake awake. Holy shit. What the fuck you've been stabbed multiple times
What?
I've been yeah, you got you got your ass kicked for a while. Yeah, you're the fucker
You guys doing I'm
What are we doing not pulling you out? No, I'm bleeding out. I was stabbed multiple times
Where am I what is happening? How many how many was that door? How many hp does this uh dj have right now? Um
Great question. What's your maximum hp 24?
18 all right, he's fine. You're not bleeding out
I'm in pain. Yeah, look we're all in pain. It's been a long night. What life is my wounds hurt my heart hurts
like
We're gonna heal your heart dj
We're gonna find the key that opens up that weird hole in your heart and we're gonna open it up
And we're gonna get that bad this dream that you guys were abusing two young girls
It's terrible. That was that was carlos. I had nothing to do with that
What's happening?
Well, it's good to be back
Um, we got to get him to the church. I don't think we do you feel okay, right buddy
Yeah, yeah, all right. Let's let's let's run off after these banditos and get pachens gem back
Is pachens able to walk and like move about uh?
No, he's still pretty wounded. He's gonna need some more healing
Uh, I would stabilize health or no, he's not dying anymore. He I think before
Jeff healed him. It would have helped so I could cash in today. I didn't use summer mounts summer monster two yet, right?
I think you did. Yeah to summon an ant. Oh the ants still here. Do you want to do anything with the ant?
I give him one of these
Uh, good good job fendrick. Um, can I cast virtue on him or is virtue only for myself?
Uh, you can cast on okay. I virtue to give you one
health point back. He's loving it
I I mean I I have
I'm trying
What do you remember what loadout I
Used I think it was offensive your offense and I saw I'm just so I haven't used divine favor yet
Is that it? Is that it's two after 10? We got it. We got it. Oh two after 10. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's better than 10 after two
Dad
I asked me if I got a haircut
Uh, Dan, did you get a haircut all of them?
Dad dad dad jokes
I want to have children
Cliffhanger
Let's hear from Steve Levy everybody
Let's give it up for our guest be squid
Hell yeah
Zac McKeever church sarah hill kevin day Kris Boruff everybody met your bartender everybody we love here
Thank you all so much for coming. I've been your comptroller Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon
Did you get any of that it's a good a show